# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

I have not felt I had the time to fill these out, but given that we are 2/3s through, and the weekly checkpoints are done, I think it is time to see what comes up.

Our team is working together quite well. We do not have as clearly defined structure as might help us at this point, but we are all fairly aware of what is going on where in the project.
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
I have been surprised about how chronologically untidy this capstone project is. While the process is fine, the here and there of each task seems to only be partially complete - I expect this is in large part an effect of the team's overall unfamiliarity with the map API, and not having the cadence of working one without a service.
- What are you struggling with?
Five members is a lot, and I think we are hitting some bottlenecks with the division because the maps are tricky. I have not really written much code, and while I do not mind working on the polishing effects, struggle to wrap my mind around this without a good framework for *why* the Google Maps API is working. Even trying to write functions with it is so far off of what we have learned prior. A major issue we are having with the backlog (which I confess is supposed to be my responsibility), is that we are all, quite frankly, terrible at using Trello. It's a bit of a squirrel's nest.
An odd thing I am struggling with is the lack of "indoor voice" in such a small room - not sure if it is more distracting or irritation-inducing, but I very much desire to be elsewhere quite often throughout the day. My ears ring for hours after. You cannot exactly criticize someone's quality of speech, not that it would do any good when it is something of a point of pride for them, but, nevertheless, if I were unable to work remotely in the future, I think I am at the point in my life where I would just be sorely disappointed to have to put up with that work environment.
And I do confess all this is kind of being amplified by a worsening ability to segregate life distractions from the codespace. Maybe if I felt competent then it would make the coding a suitable distraction from life?
- What would you count as a victory?
App-wise, I would count as a victory getting to Friday and being able to add some of the features that made me excited to do this project in the first place, which is make it possible to do groups and events. The idea is neat, and will fulfill the pitch, but there is nothing useful about this app that I think can cover ground beyond what our regular checkpoints have done, at least it is hard to believe so when we really are not understanding the API well. The goal is to make things for eventual users, so they should be useful, funny, or at least an expression of the developers. What I see in this is small dreams - based more on kicking giants than creating something good - not bad for a small student project, but not a habit I wish to cultivate, as it is coming out in some ways we lapse in user-friendliness. Having been on the user-end of bad systems, I do not take pride in situations where "done" takes precedence over "right", even when the former is the viable option.
Personally, I think getting this to look good on mobile would be great. I have ended up doing a lot of the initial styling to get the ball rolling, but have a sense that people are not really checking their work with the mobile view. I wish I had more function-specific goals, but I think I will be grateful to really touch any of it at all. I generally do enjoy teamwork, but we really have been all over one another's code the past week, though Sam (instructor) did sort things in a coherent fashion today, and perhaps the last few days will go well. I need to ask Jake a question regarding the map. If I get that working, I would be very happy.
